The committee will please come to order.
The front of the direction is estimated to be as many as
been detained.
Basically this morning, we were just about 11 o'clock.
Our other committee members being present,
ready to proceed.
The chair would like to begin as is
accustomed by welcoming the guests to have come to
the committee room and by advising them of the
standing committee orders, but there
would be no manifestations of approval or
a disapproval audibly of any time by any of the people in the audience.
And the officers in uniform and the trained
clothesmen in the audience have been instructed by the
committee without any further notice to politely
escort from the room immediately any of our guests
who might decide to violate the terms under which
you were admitted here as guests for the committee.
I again want to say that audiences have been remarkably fine.
The officers have done a splendid job.
We hope this favorable condition will continue
throughout the year.
Mr. Council, as the conclusion of the day yesterday,
Mr. Pooett had said he is questioning.
The chair would like to find out whether you have other
questions you want to ask, but you're adding with the
time.
Chairman, we have no further questions at this time.
There has been some of the under-tenment rule he
chairs times ask questions for ten minutes.
Is the time keeper in the division ready?
You'll notify me when my time is expired.
There will go around the wheel, then, under the ten minute rule
until all questions have been asked.
But you added viewers in the committee room, I believe,
throughout the year he specifically
started that right.
So you are conversant with the line of
questioning that I have to spectrically
about Mr. Car what's the line.
And I give you that simply as background for some
questions I would like to add primarily for my own
guidance, but I'm sure for the guidance of the
whole committee.
As you're whether it's specifically now, you
have some charges to make against Mr. Car concerning
the overall charge presented throughout
the year, or if he did anything else.
I was a representative of our committee, which the Army
considered to be improper and inappropriate.
But I would ask you first so that we can have it
before we send to the American concept of fair play
to make it clear.
The charge is now available to make against Mr.
Car as part of the overall charge.
Well, gentlemen, I may the charge be clear.
I'm not trying to do this clear with Mr. Car.
But it can be clear that he's fairly
familiar to me this time with Mr. Car,
when he's here now, when we can particularize his evil
doing sense, where were incidents
that Mr. Car has been retiring, have already
testified to the direct examination.
So it's a characteristic.
I was raised with the challenge of trial
and such a coincidence that he's
in January 20th, the reason for trial later is 20.
For instance, Mr. Car has arrived January 20th.
Now, you have five years of experience
from the yesterday I will later explain
the process of trial.
During his trial, January 20th, when I had conversation,
Mr. Car was there, and it's a challenge.
One of the minor members of most particularly
the person on the train ride, when
they were doing some Newark, Newark's
majority on the 25th of November,
we had one talk about China.
He was discussing a somewhere, which
trouble the enemy before he began
with reference to China.
And he was thinking that the army would
be continuing trouble, unless something
was done with reference to China, which
was that sign is combed.
Mr. Car was more or less the passive participant
in the luncheon house, which then
was said to be found in the train ride
where he hung a beer ride up town.
Every time it was considered a few,
he would not be participants in the interview.
He himself said anything that I remember.
I'm going to be answering whether or not
a couple times here to be out of the hotel
or the rest of you who do something.
Again, I said he was not sick.
I don't know if he's not a medic.
He was a half of a train ride.
On the train, no driver was doing something.
He improper or worse people for a hundred
of his driving and his interviewer
is running out of steam to me by hand.
He's so free.
He's seen to me by hand.
But he doesn't seem to be not only on that stage.
And it seems to me on January 9th when he called me
in the amateur class too.
And it seems to me when he called me,
that my home in football was not the hotel.
He talked about China.
I had the feeling that he was an agent.
He was an agent of the principal, and that he
showed up alive.
But I didn't know that he was in directives
and today, he's in fire, and I had a strong feeling
that he was in the middle and had to take these actions.
And to be told, he was trying to be a full knee,
he's wanting off the difficulty of fixing up
for because he saw an obligation to the man
who seemed to me as he is serious.
Although he may not have hit, it seems to me so he was.
And that was the situation with the system.
I think it was about January 20th.
All right.
I was just there as an understanding of the up until January 20th.
There are no allegations from the father of the army
that I didn't say that.
I'm trying to understand.
I'm trying to find a way.
There's a lot of work before January 20th,
where he gave the Jim Crow her a means to be.
For him to be the pilot of the principal,
he gave the pilot of the principal in the luncheon.
I was taking November in the secretary's office.
I recall all the fight was.
That was the luncheon, which it was asked for.
That time, the native heirloom, was weak, low.
Yeah, he had a little bit of weather as if I just
had a few hours as if I just had a bunch of lunch
in the luncheon.
On November 6th, at which time, you recall
you had been fed nothing.
Rather than that, as his capacity,
you were more able than in his capacity
as a passenger in the automobile.
I think that he is.
I think that we were different.
In this respect, I think that he would be
strictly uncomfortable in the automobile
at that time.
Just as I would be physically uncomfortable in the automobile,
I think.
I'm going to get my name, sir.
I will like to know that I would like to know
if you will finish me without interruptions.
I'm trying to develop for you after you
if you're trying to have me established.
Because I want to specifically discharge.
I am trying to very well so that we can put our seats
into something specific.
The idea is that I would like to find more January 20th
so that you really want to come.
But I will ask you if you would like to send in the luncheon.
On November 6th, I remember no words.
He did not think of the degrees.
Let's see what the request was made.
I do not isolate the instance, but I know
that he wore that fort-take sometimes.
Now, before we go, I'll get three points by one
through the same time.
We have taken any charge out of our yellow bluest.
You can let it be.
That's great.
Now, as I must have heard, I was at the luncheon.
Whether he was comfortable or uncomfortable,
so long as he said nothing, how you tried
to use the talking proper access to the messer.
So we said the luncheon.
That's right.
He was in a home park.
He was at home with a school park participant
with Santa Demacati in the luncheon of December 10th.
The crime and soul surface of which was
the expression of York sign.
Sean.
I would encourage you another patient with the income.
I say 30, but the co-parts of the town.
I understand.
So I want to know what he did while he was calling.
As a participant.
This, who loved them?
I asked for excellent.
You've been pretty specific about Colin.
You've been relatively specific about the charges.
And now let's just think about the cars.
I tried to put it in a car before it was suspended.
You know, again, I was not aware of it.
Right, so I'm trying.
What is trying to point out the difference between my
total opinion of the charges that they had.
They kind of had a good trial and substance
when they got in grade 20.
This is December 10th.
That's probably January 20th.
What is the rest?
What did he do on January 10th?
If you want to try to give it anybody, he needs to.
Because December 10th.
What did he do on December 10th?
What he wanted to do was he impractical.
He was at co-parts at the time in the luncheon.
The senator was the one who was making this
request with reference.
New York sign.
That's what the car is.
What's in the car?
You get 91.
So, he had himself with the senators.
All right.
You tried him with nuts.
You got an office with the president.
And himself with the luncheon on November 6th.
You tried out December 10th with us.
I'm taking a postman of him.
A postman with him with him.
The president of December 10th.
What did he do?
I had some with him.
Other than the fact that he did not say to his chairman.
Don't say that.
I would say that this is what he was present.
He did not say to his office.
All right.
Out of the editors, what is his question?
He was present.
You tried him with him properly.
You do need to intimidate the army.
I think that he was present in the luncheon.
And said nothing.
He got a charge.
I think there's a line that he was sorry about.
Luncheon is concerned.
There is no complaint on the part of the army.
I think the fact that he was present,
the fact that the position of the chairman
was being in a state of truth.
And that he was sitting there while the thing was
finally listening to his news, making him a profile.
Are you charging and then I want to find out.
So when we get him here, we don't have to waste any time
about the animal we provide.
We don't have to waste any time about the luncheon
in November 6th.
Do we have to talk to him about December 10th
and say why are you filing?
Why won't you have to say it's done in my part?
I think you can't say that in my part.
I've seen that I've asking a tremendous amount.
On behalf of an employee of the senator,
but if you think that's Jim Roberts,
we certainly will interrogate him as the right
you gave him such a scheme for Christ.
On the luncheon, it was a intimidation of the army.
On the luncheon, it was November 10th.
One of the McCoy's major representations.
I spoke to our very often folks at the point of that.
And he never said the 40th is himself
what's the sentence in position.
Now, I understand.
And he's considered because he did not
have to engage in his improv from him
to his own business.
I do think so.
All right.
December 10th, at that time, right up.
Who called me and who called me after courted?
I'm from who called me after courted.
Ask me about shine.
He called me an Amherst, and I said,
okay, ask me about it.
How did you call me after courted?
I'm not a case in the field.
He was calling you as Frank Carr,
and saying the boy Frank Carr is a figure,
or calling him an intimidation,
but Roy Collins was under the front.
I had no way of knowing.
I was surprised to receive the call from Carr.
My time was surprised.
So it had to be.
An intimidation was not returned.
And I find an intimidation.
If there aren't any house first, the number top.
There can be.
Frank, let's begin.
That's that, and I want to get it in front
of this controversy.
I've listened to you last the moment.
Your response to the false examination.
Right, keen, and it's.
Now I want you to take positive care of those.
Now, ask.
Whether you understand the true of these
Pentatemon Crytry and the sitcoms
or the actress, or causing the Pentatemon Crytry
and the sitcom to call off the hearings,
that's what my.
I did not.
Why did you spend so much time and so much energy
you and the second day of the arms?
Rang the respond to land, give some consolation.
Or make concessions.
The Senator McCarthy and the sitcom
and respect the Mr. Shine, if you were not
trying to avoid these, or then get to the call off those years.
The representations with reference to Mr. Shine,
whether he was needed to get committed to this.
Mr. Casey made the confession and stated
on the set of days after time that he did.
And I'm from the point of view, that he did not want
it to be possible for anyone who obeys him.
That he by his action had interfered with the committee
or he impeded the progress of their investigative work.
He even though all of the other private in the army
and your experience in government or sent you
have been with the department of defense
of the second day of the arms, that
has received as much attention from higher sources.
As has this private Mr. Shine.
I do not say.
Why did you give him so much attention?
Why did you waste so much time on it?
Because it may be, because it's a check.
The committee requests.
It may be requested and am I saying?
The committee requests it or Mr. Coen requests.
Mr. Coen requests it and we relatively
used that the requests have been over 100,000
practice once the request for making
the questions is signed in the faculty of November 6th.
So you took it out of the committee request?
I did.
Did you think it was a proper request?
No, sir.
Why?
I felt that the position just then dropped by the meeting
when he was got it.
I felt that he should have been less alone
than the exposure I often treated with tone and car.
The less I thought you were alone.
The less you were alone, the less you were alone.
I was not given that there was no justification
for the committee requesting the services
at the end of the arms.
I had no way of knowing, sir, just
exactly what the committee is needing for him.
I have a given total amount.
Up for now, what is need, where, why
is it so necessary to continue serving the committee?
The other thing I have been told is the things
Mr. Coen stated, which were, back to the effect
that it must have been investigated,
it must have been investigated, which had been begun
by Mr. Shine and was shining,
and he knew a lot of many facts in his case.
And that it was going to be necessary from time to time
to take witnesses from other places
to trend and more of what takes to be interrogated by Shine.
Was it in the issue that we're given to you?
How long have we taken to do with these two words?
Well, Mr. Coen had indicated that there was
a continuing need, Mr. Steven's, and tried to.
Why do we, Mr. Steven, need our own?
We need to leave tomorrow.
Well, part of the, when he had been first drafted,
the indications were indefinite,
but for a long period of time, Mr. Steven did that time
in suggesting the 15 days of memory,
that he got attempted by that to show off at that time.
But our own true witness has made us the work we intend,
and Mr. Coen had indicated to me that there was
no need for business, or which the soldier would be required
when he was a chance for this.
I would start here with undertaking to a piece
in order to get these hearings for all.
If you were undertaking to a piece,
I want to know why you didn't give Mr. Shine
a direct commission when his request.
I wasn't, I wasn't served in the Army
as a crime director, making it a matter of administration.
I have nothing to do with the presentation on the director
mission.
Is my understanding that, uh, all right, let's get that.
You have none of those.
No, sir.
All right, why didn't you agree then,
to a piece by sending him up the West Point to detect both?
Well, sir.
Why didn't you agree to that?
Well, I guess it better be than he is to say.
We have to.
So we have 25,000 men killed in Korea.
We didn't have the money we had.
But we have some tells in the other side.
You make it work.
I'm making use of money and money.
We're going to get us on our budget.
I'm going to take the money.
Take the money and go.
So why do you inject money into it?
There's no money, also, wasn't?
No, sir.
I have to wait.
I'm going to do this.
You'll very well be on the map.
Well, why didn't you?
The science is moving your near here.
And a piece.
We've been getting all over the world.
I think that it is a disaster.
Better I'd like to take it.
I want to change.
And I remember coming back from New York.
After this specific event of the discussion,
I think it was when I was writing on the chat
after having come back from New York with Frank Cox.
And I thought to myself that I just
must be out of my hands.
Because this trouble is dispatching.
And all this stuff can be solved for simply if we
were just going ahead and find a way to find a way to do that.
I have that feeling of them.
I have that feeling now.
They're going to get more than this.